ATTENTION; THIS IS A LICENSE, NOT A SALE. THIS PRODUCT IS PROVIDED
UNDER THE FOLLOWING LICENSE WHICH DEFINES WHAT YOU MAY DO WITH THE
PRODUCT, AND CONTAINS LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES AND YOUR REMEDIES.


                          License

This is a legal agreement between you, the end user and Elfring 
Soft Fonts, governed by the laws of the state of Illinois.

Grant of License. Elfring Soft Fonts grants you the right to use 
the fonts, clip art, utility programs, and documentation included
in this package, (the "Software"), on a single computer and on a 
single printer. The copyright and all other rights in the 
Software shall remain with Elfring Soft Fonts. You must reproduce 
any copyright or other notice marked on the Software on all copies 
you make.

You May Not: 1) network the fonts, clip art, or utilities, or use
them on more than one system or printer at one time. 2) distrib-
ute (either electronically or mechanically), sell, or copy this 
Software as part of another Software product except in printed 
form. 3) modify the fonts or clip art.

Copyright. This software is owned and copyrighted by Elfring Soft
Fonts. All clip art, programs, data, fonts, and documentation are 
protected by United States copyright law and international treaty 
provisions. You must treat these materials as you would any other 
copyrighted software. You may make backup copies or duplicates of
this software provided only a single copy of the software is in 
use at any one time.

Other Restrictions. This license grants you the right to use our 
soft fonts under the same restrictions that apply to copyrighted 
material. Any other usage is a violation of this agreement. You 
may not copy or distribute these fonts, except for a single stand-
ard backup. You may not duplicate, copy, distribute, rent, or 
lease the fonts, or utilities. Fonts are licensed for use on a 
single printer. You may transfer the ownership of this material 
on a permanent basis to another person if that person agrees to 
all the terms of this Agreement. You may NOT distribute or sell
these fonts or clip art as part of another software package.


               Limited Warranty and Liability

Elfring Soft Fonts warrants that all soft fonts and utility pro-
grams will perform substantially as specified in the written docu-
mentation accompanying the product, for a period of 30 days from 
the date of receipt. We reserve the right to make changes to the 
specifications of the program and the contents of the documenta-
tion without obligation to notify any person or organization of 
such changes. Any implied warranties are limited to 30 days. Some
states do not allow limitations on duration of an implied war-
ranty, so the above limitations may not apply to you. All printer 
drivers are provided on an As-Is basis. Elfring Soft Fonts does 
not guarantee these printer drivers will work with your word pro-
cessor software or computer hardware configuration.

Elfring Soft Fonts' entire liability and your exclusive remedy 
shall be, at Elfring Soft Fonts' option, either the return of the 
price paid or the replacement of the software that does not meet 
Elfring Soft Fonts' Limited Warranty and which is returned to 
Elfring Soft Fonts with a copy of your receipt. This Limited War-
ranty is void if failure of the software is due to accident, 
abuse, misapplication, or complications arising from your choice 
of hardware or auxiliary software.

Except as specified above, Elfring Soft Fonts disclaims all other 
warranties, either express or implied, including but not limited 
to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a partic-
ular purpose, with respect to the soft font disks, utilities, and 
documentation. This warranty gives you specific legal rights. You 
may have other, which vary from state to state.

In no event shall Elfring Soft Fonts or any of its employees be 
liable for any damages whatsoever, (including without limitation 
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss 
of business information, and the like), arising out of the use of 
or inability to use this Elfring Soft Font product, even if 
Elfring Soft Fonts has been advised of the possibility of damages.
Since some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of 
liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limi-
tation may not apply to you.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS: If this product is acquired by or for the U.S.
Government then it is provided with Restricted Rights. Use,
duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to
restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 
252.227-7013, or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial
Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, or 
clause 18-52.227-86(d) of the NASA Supplement to the FAR, as
applicable. Contractor/manufacturer is Elfring Soft Fonts, Inc
at PO Box 61, Wasco, IL 60183.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Illinois.

This entire package is copyright 1992 - 1996 by Elfring Soft 
Fonts. All rights reserved.
